Add Snapshot testing (#194)
mozilla/glean-dictionary: README.md

npm run storybook
```

### Storybook Snapshot Testing

> To run snapshot tests, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To give us more confidence that changes don't unintentionally break the UI, we run [storybook snapshot tests](https://storybook.js.org/docs/react/workflows/snapshot-testing).

You can run them manually as follows:
```

```bash
npm run test:jest
```

> If intended change is made to the markup, re-generate snapshots using the
> following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you intentionally made a change to a component that results in a change 
to the output of the storybook snapshots, you can re-generate them using 
the following command:
```
